hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so last year about
this time I made a video on the project
for awesome website asking you to vote
for an organization called not forgotten
that's working to get sexually exploited
children off the streets of Iquitos Peru
which is a majorly isolated city and a
hub for sex trafficking holy cow
you people trust me because between the
project for awesome and direct donations
over seventy eight thousand dollars were
raised that is a lot of money we
actually built an orphanage in the
rainforest and it is amazing so here's
what we're gonna do I'm gonna go show
you everything we built and if you feel
like we're doing it right if you feel
like you can trust us I would ask you to
support us again but first let me show
you what we did because it's awesome
let's go my buddy CJ and I've been
working with not forgotten for several
years now Iquitos Peru is a city of
400,000 people that you can only get to
via airplane or boat which makes it the
ideal place if you're a human trafficker
because there's not a large government
presence here okay now it's time to show
you what we've done on the orphanage
this is the fun part there's a wall and
let's go through a butterfly puddle on
the way and that awesome let's go check
out what's been built on the orphanage
there reveal Wow Wow
so project for Austin built one of those
will do this really from the private
donations as well right yeah between
populations and from croscill both of
these poses and built okay let's reckon
stack what we'd actually done with the
money and pay step one zoom that wall
from last year we completed it and we're
building this Garcia keep the boys safe
next thing a decorative plant I hope you
like them cuz we planted like 50 of them
off the driveway we feel legit soccer
goals for this soccer field
you're not gonna believe this what
happened here this is one tree right
that's right so this huge tree fell down
in the back of the property got in the
middle of the jungle so we cut it up and
we're building a gazebo in the middle of
the water which is awesome
check it out a farm I have no idea what
to call this stuff in Spanish but Tyler
does Pina aji banana but we're not
really sure what that is papaya Kokkola
yellow-bellied side mango excellent ok
food cover now let's go look at the
actual building that was built okay
check it out this is the first building
this is the common room right here we
actually have bedrooms for the boys
we're doing it legit first aid fire
alarms fire extinguishers we're not
messing around here we've got oh it's
big deal in summary we built two
buildings and in doing so we employed 14
local fathers this income provided their
family with more stability we also
funded the higher education of for older
orphans in order to transition them more
smoothly to adulthood which is hugely
important for example in Iquitos we were
stopped by a policeman who is once a
street boy helped by not forgotten
so clearly the system works the one
thing we splurged on is a full set of
soccer jerseys for a local orphanage
that was already established these kids
love them so there you go that's where
all 78,000 dollars of your money went
okay the first step before you actually
bring kids into the orphanage is to get
the right families in place to host them
you tell there's a meal going on here
we've got how many couples
six couples are being interviewed in
here obviously they're happy people so
what we're doing is the next what three
days next two days and we've hit their
educational background they might want
even psychologically and sing how they
work with kids to make sure we have the
best people in place take care it's
pretty cool here's some footage we shot
earlier of a psychologist going through
a class with them and figuring out how
these people were acting stat it's
pretty interesting okay that's what we
did this year with the money for project
for awesome physically built building so
if you trust us and you think we're
doing this the correct way the goal now
is to use more money from this year if
you can vote for us to hopefully get
operational cost under control that way
when we get these kids and we get the
host parents here we have everything
covered alright have a going buddy all
right so that's the last thing we're
about to start actually getting boys and
bring them to the orphanage so if you'd
like to help please go to the project
for awesome website click the link at
the bottom vote for what we're working
on here it's a really good thing so
thank you for your support in the past
and I really hope you'd support us in
the future I'm Destin you're getting
smarter every day have a good
okay I've tried to make this as simple
as possible click on that top red button
there or the first link in the video
description to go to the project for
awesome website scroll down and click
vote for this video and that will put us
in the running that's a really big deal
you have one vote though but your
friends have many so if you'll look at
these other buttons possibly share this
video you can help us with some compound
voting thank you so much for your time
and now I'll let the boys say thank you
themselves
I am 17
thank you for a game for us